# Article Reflections

I found the "Why do we contribute to open source software" article particularly helpful because it clearly lays out the most prominent reasons that organizations contribute to open source projects and the most prominent reasons that individuals contribute to open source projects. One motivator mentioned for organizations that I like is the ability to collaborate with other organizations on projects that are of mutual interest. I was interested in this reason in particular because I had never thought about that before, yet it certainly makes sense. Two or more organizations collaborating on a project is beneficial to all parties because they are able to share knowledge and, in the end, they all get a product they can potentially use in their proprietary software in the future.  
Most of the reasons listed for individuals to contribute to open source porjects were not surprising to me, but I did find it interesting how a number of these reasons were similar to the reasons for organizations to get involved. For example, both organizations and individuals often get involved in projects that are particularly helpful to them. Furthermore, contributing to open source projects can help companies find developers and developers find jobs.  
While everyone has their own, unique reasons for contributing to open source projects, I think these articles did a good job of defining the general types of motivators and providing background as to why these are the main motivators.  
